hello friends in today's video we are going to
explain a very good romantic drama movie named
the maid which was released in the year 2014
in the story of this movie an 18 year old boy
fall in love with his 14 year old mate the entire
movie is about the love story of his two so let's
start the explanation of this movie in the movie
start we also an 18 year old boy named jack jack
gone on the vacation at his father house jack's
father name is david the relationship between
jack and david is not good on coming home jack's
father david tried to talk him but jack does not
like to talk him bell leaps in anger then
the next morning when jack is smoking while
sitting in the balcony of his room then he see a
lady blow he is more attracted to that lady and
then he come down and start healing her at the
same time david come there and then he tell her
that lady is the maid of his house and her name
is maria maria is 14 then david introduced jack
and maria to each other up the dead jack take
photos gone out of with his camera for photography
because he was very fond for photography
on his written house he again meet maria
and then start talking to maria jack tell him
that when he was younger his mother divorce was
and then his father get married again zach doesn't
like he's a stepmom at all and that's why he hate
his dad so much then the next day again jack goes
out to take photos and then he find a girl there
there is a lot of talk between these two and
he start flitting with the girl while these
two were talking maria passed on her bikesicle
and she sees them talking then when he come back
home after ignoring that girl then he silently
start clicking maria's photo after this he meets
maria in the kitchen and then maria asked him
about the girl maria asked why did he come home so
early and he should have spent more time with that
girl slowly jack start getting more attract toward
maria and both of them start talking too much jack
taylor that he's feel much more comfortable with
her then jack shows maria his mom photo and tell
her that she looked like his mom maria talked a
lot with jack and c tell him about her dark past
she tells jack that she got pregnant when she was
only 16 years old and his condition her boyfriend
left her but dispute all these she gave a word to
a boy and the saddest thing is that that child is
not longer with maria now slowly both of them tell
each other all their sorrows yet david want
to improve his relationship with jack but
because of his many words he was not able to give
time to jack when he talked to jack then jack does
not talk to him belen gets angry on him the next
day david move out the town because of his work
maria and jack are now alone in the house maria
explained to jack that david love her very
much and that he should talk to her better while
sleeping that night jack sees maria's photo in his
camera and then start imagining it the next day
maria's ex-boyfriend come home to meet maria then
maria talks to her ex-boyfriend this jack secretly
listened to these two things maria's ex-boyfriend
tells maria that he still love her and if she
wants they can still start afresh together but
maria doesn't want to be with him and that's why
she refuse him after this maria ex-boyfriend leave
from there now the next day is Jack's birthday
when jack goes to the kitchen in the morning
maria will see my birthday what jack tell her
that he want to hug her and touch her hearing all
these maria feel very strange and she refused him
despite maria's refusal jack tried to touch her
then Maria left him when the door well rings so
maria goes and open the door then there is a girl
outside it was the same girl that jack was talking
to then jack goes out with that girl after that
jack doesn't spend much time with that girl and
he come back home when he comes home he sees that
maria is crying and he goes to her and he try to
talk her jack tells maria that he is like her son
and that he want to hug her maria agree after
hearing this and then both of them hug only then
jack start touching her but now maria start liking
it all and she does not stop for touching jack
after a while in the middle of all this maria stop
jack and leave from there then jack goes after him
maria tells him that is all wrong and i am 14 year
old and you are just 18 we both have no future
then jack tried to convince maria with his words
and maria agree then both are intimate together
here after being in teammate maria's again
explained to jack that he should behave well with
his dad the next morning when maria is working in
the kitchen jack come from behind and hug her in
the meantime his father come home then quickly the
two parted ways after coming home david was jack
a verdean and give him his birthday gift and
then he invite jack go to for dinner with him
or jack refuse to go to dinner and leave from
there in anger then maria goes to him and try
to convince him not to talk to his dad like this
and then the same night jack goes to his father
and then would drink after these while having
a drink both of them expressed their heart here
david learned that he sons think he marries again
because he don't love his mom then david explained
to his to jack that he marries a second time so
that he could take care of you in the end david
tells jack that he love him daily and that
he always will meanwhile david falls asleep
then the next day both maria and jack go to a park
and spend time together then maria take him to her
house the two come close in the house and then
maria tell jack that her son was killed in a road
accident as a child hearing this jack hug him and
then both are intimate there after that jack come
home and talk nicely to his dad for the first time
david is also overjoyed to see jack talking nicely
after the jax vacations ends and it is time for
him to go back then jackpack of his belonging and
meet maria and kiss our goodbye before leaving
he then meets his dad and he hugged him too we
learned from this that jack has forgave his father
and their relationship is fixed after all these
exactly from there after these we are so maria
who meets her mom she tell her mom that she's
pregnant and then her mom hug her and start crying
and then maria got pregnant because of the jag
in the last scene we are so maria who is very
happy because of her pregnant and the movie ends
here so i hope you enjoyed this video so click any
video of three them and enjoy next i see you soon